Release Notes 4.4.0
===================

Improvements
------------

-  On the execution result catalog page, we now show the exact statement
   run to get that result.

Bug Fixes
---------

-  Users no longer see private conversations listed. Previously, a user
   could see the title of a private conversation, but not view the
   contents.
-  You can now share articles with any email address. Previously, you
   could only share with Alation users.
-  If you sort queries by “Last Execution” we are now sorting by last
   executed date. Previously we were sorting by last successful run.
-  All columns now display properly in the Column tab on the Table page.
   Previously pages two and beyond displayed as faded out.
-  When logging in via Internet Explorer, icons now always appear to
   indicate what each field is. Previously, the icons would not render
   in some cases.
-  You can now remove top users from a Data Source, even if you aren’t
   the owner of the Data Source. Previously, you needed to be the owner
   of the data source.
-  A version of the article is saved each time you hit “save.”
   Previously, we collapsed edits together if they were within fifteen
   minutes of each other.
-  Articles that have been deleted are now marked “[Gone]” when
   referenced in Custom Fields, as they are elsewhere.
-  Lexicon pages are now only viewable by admins.
-  In Advanced Search, you can now edit the titles of queries when
   clicking on the pencil. Previously we were opening the query in a new
   window.
-  The column filter in the Compose results pane now displays properly.
-  You can now view the text in the “While you’re waiting…” text field
   when using Dusk Compose.
-  Viewing a previous version of an article now correctly shows the
   custom field values at that time. Previously we showed the custom
   field values for the most recent version.
-  “Download Data Dictionary” no longer includes objects that were
   excluded from the catalog.

Admin Release Notes

.. _bug-fixes-1:

Bug Fixes
---------

-  We no longer incorrectly report a “not running” error for a sync job
   (metadata extraction, profiling, or query log ingestion) that
   actually is running. Previously this could happen arbitrarily based
   on fluctuation in an operating system metric we use.
