Release Notes 4.1.0
===================

In the new year, we've resolved to make Alation better than ever—both on
the surface and below the hood! This release, we've cleaned up some bugs
in 4.0 and made a few enhancements described below. In the coming
months, we're excited to bring lots of new functionality you've been
asking for and some special surprises we think you'll like...

We hope this new year will bring new users to Alation within your
organization. In preparation for that, we've added an in-app on-boarding
experience to help them get situated and discover features they might
like given their interests and job roles. If you, as a current user,
would like a fuller tour, you can choose to take one at any time in the
Help menu, which is also now the place to go in order to get support for both Catalog and Compose). In 4.1 the new  Welcoming
experience  is disabled by default, but if you think your company would
benefit from it, contact your Alation Solutions engineer.

As summer was ending, we released Alation 3.9, "Shaking it up:
Separation is Natural." In that release, we expanded the ways  Compose
can connect to a database across multiple tabs. In theory, a query
tool can either open a separate connection to a given database in each
tab—thereby allowing users to run multiple different queries in
parallel—or can share a single connection across multiple tabs, allowing
a user to create a temporary table in one tab and access it from
another. Before 3.9, Compose used to always do the latter. But depending
on a database’s properties and an organization’s setup, the other
approach might be optimal. Starting in 3.9, admins could flip a switch
for each Data Source in Settings between the two modes.  Now in 4.1,
Compose will "do the right thing" by default  (though if your admins
disagree with our suggestions, they can still change them in Settings).
In particular, the following data source types now *default* to connection-per-tab :

-  Greenplum
-  Hive
-  Impala
-  Netezza
-  MySQL
-  Presto
-  Amazon Redshift
-  Microsoft SQL Server
-  Vertica

And as mentioned earlier,  we've fixed the bugs where ...

popularity  bars would sometimes be inflated when Alation would count
query object mentions twice—once from within Compose and once from
parsing the query logs

in  Compose,

-  it is difficult to see which columns are sorted
-  closing a discarded query triggers the Unsaved Changes dialog
-  users can't fully see the effect of selecting a new theme before
   clicking Apply

on  article  pages,

-  file attachments are sometimes corrupted
-  saving after emptying the body field does not stick
-  the Share status is invisible when you don't have permission to edit
   sharing settings

after  profiling, some data and metadata would not display properly
on Table and Column pages

and more...

Admin Release Notes

We've made improvements so...

-  you, as an admin, can delete stale Flags (deprecations, warnings,
   or endorsements) left by someone else
-  in User Settings, you can now see separate counts for active and
   inactive users

And we've fixed the bugs where...

-  the ReportSources APIs did not always work reliably or as expected
-  the Teradata Query SQL on the Data Source configuration page does
   not show the PDCR version
-  the Tableau Settings page is partially broken
